I said look I say that twins are
here will teach to send her son no
firm
It's cool to know the eye but it does not need to
I met a guy who came to
fifa does not know where he is
will see is if you boto faith of the front a little
here and you can bring it back here in the middle of the
skateboard
When the cold comes and kicks and goes.
I put it there, I'll put it there.
you will get
and there is keep improving your foot goes
getting here fuller on skateboard more
forward until you're 112
screw and then it goes higher will give
the best in everything, eh
buchecha only managed to leave with one foot
back and then join the two
both feet in the warm s I learned
also you have people giving fi and gets
afraid to fall into a stream and die there
How am I out?
that is that neither our recorder nor the
vinícius is then that when you do
This is just not to be afraid even of the flip
going slow that really fell is the flip is
a maneuver that is not like you hit
once you get it all the time you have
that he trying to try
at first i get a flip after
a great but 20 attempts by
get it back
From there it got better and better now
I got almost every time, right?
and you can not learn to give the child
already has a chapter on the ladder of 10 a
same size goat is so is show
wrong first you have to get on the
base of the film after is going to give us
guarantees the unloading of the truck
now we'll go there in our
rhyme ghetto because we worsens
in the garage is very hot always a
woman is complaining because here the
people make a lot of noise was the technician
George from killing a woman did not realize
was once again important to miss
huh